Description 

You have been asked to write some code that will be used in a new games application. 
The game will generate a collection of number pairs.
The game will present the number of pairs to the player in a randomised table.
It is the task of the user to match all the numbers.


Input

The program accepts two inputs.
The first input is an integer and represents the range of numbers used to create the pairs.
The second input is an integer and represents a seed number for randomisation purposes.


Constraints

You can assume:
The user will input exactly 2 integers.
You can assume the user will always enter a value divisable by 5 for testing purposes, such as 5, 10, 20.
Note: For testing purposes, you must use the Random class to create a pseudo-random number generator with a fixed
seed value, provided as the second input to the program. The program uses this seed value of to ensure a predictable
result for the purpose of testing. A different seed value may be used for each test case. 


Program Logic

Promt the user for the range of numbers.
Create collection to hold 2 of each number.
Populate the collection with all the numbers including duplicates in ascending order
Print the table of numbers in the original order with a maximum of 5 numbers per row.
Set counter to maximum index of collection to track how many numbers have not been used.
SEED a randomiser for testing purposes (use the Random class for this).
Iterate over the collection until all numbers have been used
	Retrieve a random number (to be used as an index for retrieving a value
	from the original collection.)
	IF the number has not been used before (check if the value is equal to zero,
	meaning it has already been used)
		Print the number 
		Set the original number to zero to mark as used
		IF a new line is required.
			Print new line
			Reset new line required counter
	Decrement unusedNumbers

Output

Your program should output:
A message prompting the user to input the number range for the game.
A table displaying all the number pairs with a maximum of 5 numbers per row.
Each column in the table should be 4 characters wide and the data in the column should be right aligned.


